mples/mautic-example-nginx-ssl/certbot/setup.sh can be used to (#192)
mautic/docker-mautic: examples/mautic-example-nginx-ssl/README.md

#### What is handled in this docker-compose.yml:

> * Setup of mysql and mautic containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of MySQL and Mautic containers
```

> * Setup of mysql db on managed or remote server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of a MySQL database on a managed or remote server
```

> * Setup of a nginx container with custom vhost configuration (nginx.conf)and secure with letsencrypt certs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setup of an NGINX container with a custom vhost configuration (nginx.conf) and secure the instance with Let's Encrypt certificates
```

#### How to use this example:

> 1. run ```docker-compose -f docker-compose-managed_database.yaml up``` in this directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose-managed_database.yaml up` in this directory
```

> 2. add these lines to your /etc/hosts file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add these lines to your `/etc/hosts` file 
```

> ```127.0.0.1       pilotdev9.eastbayinfo.org ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`127.0.0.1       mautic.example.com `
```

> ``` 127.0.4.123 mautic.local ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`127.0.4.123 mautic.local`
```

> 3. access https://pilotdev9.eastbayinfo.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Access `https://mautic.example.com`
```

> 4. go through Mautic setup (fill ```mauticdbpass``` as mysql password on db setup page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go through the Mautic setup (fill `mauticdbpass` with the MySQL password from the database setup page)
```

> 6. test Mautic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Test Mautic
```

Please also correct the typos/text in the following section from the other file where I have made suggestions!
